Docs/improve HF jobs documentation (#3909)
huggingface/lerobot: docs/source/hardware_guide.mdx

### Hugging Face Jobs

[Hugging Face Jobs](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/jobs) lets you run training on managed HF infrastructure, billed by the second, without owning a GPU. `lerobot-train` submits and streams the job for you — just add `--job.target=<flavor>` to a normal training command:

```bash
lerobot-train \
  --policy.type=act --dataset.repo_id=<USER>/<DATASET> \
  --policy.repo_id=<USER>/act_<task> \
  --job.target=a10g-large
```

Notes:

- Run `hf auth login` once before submitting, the job runs under your token.
- `--job.target` maps onto the table above: `t4-small`/`t4-medium` (T4, ACT only), `l4x1`/`l4x4` (L4 24 GB), `a10g-small/large/largex2/largex4` (A10G 24 GB scaled out), `a100-large` (A100). List the current catalogue with pricing via `hf jobs hardware`, or see [https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/jobs](https://huggingface.co/docs/hub/jobs).

> - The job defaults to a `2d` (48h) timeout; override it with `--job.timeout=4h` (or any other duration string) to fail faster or run longer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The job defaults to a `2d` (48h) timeout. Override it with `--job.timeout=4h` (or any other valid duration string) to shorten or extend the timeout. The job automatically stops when the command completes.
```
